Americans first defense of his WBA light
welterweight title will be against
Dmitri Selita can't held news
conferences in both New Castle and
London to promote the bout which will
take place on December the 5th can't
think selicia who is unbeaten in 31 Pro
fight will be another great challenger
to his crown Amir Khan's flown in from
his LA training base for a whistle-stop
tour to promote the first defense of his
WBA light welterweight crown against
Brooklyn's unbeaten home Dmitri Selita
we were granted exclusive access to
spend a day with our young sporting star
I took a train from London to Newcastle
where Khan will tackle Selita on
December the 5th the time after
interviews and photos were completed
with the Northeast press and the area's
only ever world champion Glen McCrory it
was off for the midday train down south
and a media called in the capital whilst
on board
Amir gave me a revealing insight life's
changed a lot really you know more
people around the states want to see me
fight they I think the attention in
those theaters that we saw how you know
that people want to see me fight over
there you get I'm getting called out by
big big names after the big fights like
Juan Diaz and them guys they always have
to mention army icon a quick catnap for
the jet-lagged fighter before a - from
Kings Cross to central London in the
comfort of promoter Frank Warren's
luxury car more photographs and more
questions to answer especially for the
interesting Challenger Dimitri selita's
a hero in New York's Orthodox Jewish
community I came to this country when I
was 9 years old from Odessa Ukraine at
the age of 13 I joined the Star City
Boxing Club one of the best gyms in New
York City which is a hotbed for boxing
stars at the age of 14 I
kind of love with Kabbalah vouchers a
Jewish religious outreach organization
and through them I start to become more
observant and learn about my roots and
13 years later I'm given interviews of
Sky Sports in London getting ready to
fight 4000 server faith it was an
amazing day out in the hectic world of
boxing promotion I'm not gonna forget
this experience - press conference is
one day you know that's cus and
traveling from one end of the country to
another end of the country and then
jumping on the plane and going back to
LA so no really cancer traveling from
one end of the world to the other end of
the world you know somebody's an
experienced a line I won't like to do it
again but it totally drains you and
people think that I live the high life
well you know what this is no high life
this is this is tough I'm telling you
there's not many people who to cope with
this Adam Smith Sky Sports from London
to Newcastle to London and home